.TH "BIGRAPHER-FULL" 1 "" "BigraphER 1.0.1" "BigraphER Manual"

.SH NAME
bigrapher-full - Compute the transition system of a model

.SH SYNOPSIS
.P
.B bigrapher full
[OPTIONS] <MODEL.big>

.SH OPTIONS
.PP
.IP "\-c|\-\-const <ASSIGNMENT ...>"
Specify a comma-separated list of variable assignments. Example: `x=4,t=.56'.
.IP "\-d|\-\-export\-decs <DIR>"
Export each declaration in the model (bigraphs and reaction rules) to a distinct file in
.IR DIR .
Dummy values are used to instantiate functional values.
.IP "\-f|\-\-format <FORMAT>"
Specify a comma-separated list of output formats for options
.BR \-d|\-\-export\-decs ,
.BR \-t|\-\-export\-ts
and
.BR \-s|\-\-export\-states .
Supported formats are
.I svg
and
.IR dot .
This is equivalent to setting
.B BIGFORMAT
to
.IR FORMAT .   
.IP "\-h|\-\-help"
Display the list of options.
.IP "\-l|\-\-export\-labels <FILE>"
Export the labelling function in PRISM
.I csl
format to
.IR FILE .
.IP "\-M|\-\-max\-states <INT>"
Set the maximum number of states.
.IP "\-p|\-\-export\-prism <FILE>"
Export the transition system in PRISM tra format to
.IR FILE .
.IP "\-q|\-\-quiet"
Disable all output. This is equivalent to setting
.B BIGQUIET
to a non\-empty value.
.IP "\-s|\-\-export-states [DIR]"
Export each state to a file in
.IR DIR .
State indices are used as file names. When
.I DIR
is omitted, it is inferred from option
.BR \-t|\-\-export\-ts .
.IP "\-t|\-\-export\-ts <FILE>"
Export the transition system to
.IR FILE .
.IP "\-v|\-\-verbose"
Be more verbose. This is equivalent to setting
.B BIGVERBOSE
to a non-empty value.

.SH ENVIRONMENT
.PP
.IP BIGFORMAT
See option `\-f|\-\-format'.
.IP BIGQUIET
See option `\-q|\-\-quiet'.
.IP BIGVERBOSE
See option `\-v|\-\-verbose'.

.SH AUTHORS
.PP
Michele Sevegnani: \fIMichele\.Sevegnani@glasgow\.ac\.uk\fR

.SH FURTHER DOCUMENTATION
.PP
See \fIhttp://www\.dcs\.gla\.ac\.uk/~michele/bigrapher\.html\fR.

.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.BR bigrapher (1), 
.BR bigrapher\-full (1),
.BR bigrapher\-validate (1)
