.Dd
.Dt BIGRAPHER-SIM 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm bigrapher sim
.Nd Simulate a model
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Fl c Ar assignment
.Op Fl d Ar dir
.Op Fl f Ar format
.Op Fl h
.Op Fl l Ar file
.Op Fl m Ar file
.Op Fl n
.Op Fl p Ar file
.Op Fl q
.Op Fl S Ar int
.Op Fl s Op Ar dir
.Op Fl T Ar float
.Op Fl t Ar file
.Op Fl v
.Op Ar model
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
computes the transition system of the Bigraphical Reactive System defined in
.Ar model ,
a file with extension
.Em big .
If
.Ar model
is absent, a bigraphical model is read from the standard input.
.Pp
The options are as follows:
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Fl c Ar assignment , Fl Fl const Ar assignment
Specify a comma-separated list of variable assignments.
Example format for
.Ar assignment :
.Qq x=4,t=.56 .
.It Fl d Ar dir , Fl Fl export\-decs Ar dir
Export each declaration in the model (bigraphs and reaction rules) to a distinct file in
.Ar dir .
Dummy values are used to instantiate functional values.
.It Fl f Ar format , Fl Fl format Ar format
Specify a comma-separated list of output formats for options
.Fl d ,
.Fl Fl export\-decs ,
.Fl t ,
.Fl Fl export\-ts ,
.Fl s ,
and
.Fl Fl export\-states .
Supported formats are
.Qq dot ,
.Qq json ,
.Qq svg
and
.Qq txt .
This is equivalent to setting
.Ev BIGFORMAT
to
.Ar format .
.It Fl h , Fl Fl help
Display the list of options.
.It Fl l Ar file , Fl Fl export\-labels Ar file
Export the labelling function in PRISM
.Em csl
format to
.Ar file .
.It Fl m Ar file , Fl Fl export\-ml Ar file
Export the model in OCaml format to
.Ar file .
.It Fl n , Fl Fl no\-colors
Disable colored output.
This is equivalent to setting
.Ev BIGNOCOLORS
to a non\-empty value.
.It Fl p Ar file , Fl Fl export\-prism Ar file
Export the transition system in PRISM
.Em tra
format to
.Ar file .
.It Fl q , Fl Fl quiet
Disable all output.
This is equivalent to setting
.Ev BIGQUIET
to a non\-empty value.
.It Fl S Ar int , Fl Fl simulation\-steps Ar int
Set the maximum number of simulation steps.
This option is valid only for deterministic and probabilistic models.
.It Fl s Ar dir , Fl Fl export-states Ar dir
Export each state to a file in
.Ar dir .
State indices are used as file names.
When
.Ar dir
is omitted, it is inferred from option
.Fl t .
.It Fl T Ar float , Fl Fl simulation\-time Ar float
Set the maximum simulation time.
This option is valid only for stochastic models.
.It Fl t Ar file , Fl Fl export\-ts Ar file
Export the transition system to
.Ar file .
.It Fl v , Fl Fl verbose
Be more verbose.
This is equivalent to setting
.Ev BIGVERBOSE
to a non-empty value.
.El
.Sh ENVIRONMENT
.Bl -tag -width BIGVERBOSE
.It Ev BIGFORMAT
See option
.Fl f .
.It Ev BIGQUIET
See option
.Fl q .
.It Ev BIGVERBOSE
See option
.Fl v .
.El
.Sh EXAMPLES
The following computes the transition system of the Bigraphical Reactive System sepcified in
.Qq model.big
and export it to file
.Qq ts.tra
in PRISM
.Em .tra
format:
.Pp
.Dl $ bigrapher full -p ts.tra model.big
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr bigrapher 1 ,
.Xr bigrapher\-full 1 ,
.Xr bigrapher\-validate 1
.Pp
The following references provide more in-depth details on bigraphs and the implementation of the BigraphER tool:
.Rs
.%A R. Milner
.%B The Space and Motion of Communicating Agents
.%I Cambridge University Press
.%D 2009
.Re
.Rs
.%A M. Sevegnani
.%A M. Calder
.%T BigraphER: Rewriting and Analysis Engine for Bigraphs
.%B Computer Aided Verification: 28th International Conference, CAV 2016, Toronto, ON, Canada, July 17-23, 2016, Proceedings, Part II
.%I Springer International Publishing
.%P 494 \- 501
.%D 2016
.%U http://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-41540-6_27
.Re
.Rs
.%A M. Sevegnani
.%A M. Calder
.%T Bigraphs with Sharing
.%J Theoretical Computer Science
.%V 577
.%I Elsevier
.%P 43 \- 73
.%D 2015
.%N 0
.%U http://doi.org/10.1016/j.tcs.2015.02.011
.Re
.Pp
Refer to
.Lk http://www.dcs.gla.ac.uk/~michele/bigrapher.html
for more examples and a complete reference of the
.Em big
format for bigraphical models.
.Sh AUTHORS
.An Michele Sevegnani Aq Mt michele.sevegnani@glasgow.ac.uk
